R4R: add various gov cmds to docs and other fixes (#2631)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/sdk/clients.md

To get previous redelegation(s) status on past blocks, try adding the `--height` flag.

#### Query Parameters

Parameters define high level settings for staking. You can get its current values by using:

```
gaiacli query parameters
```

With the above command you will get the values for:

- Maximum and minumum inflation rate
- Maximum annual change in inflation rate,
- Goal of bonded tokens (%)
- Unbonding time
- Maximum numbers of validators
- Coin denomination for staking

> All this values can be updated though a `governance` process by submitting a parameter change `proposal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All this values can be updated though a `governance` process by submitting a `ParameterChange` proposal.
```

- Voters can choose between options `Yes`, `No`, `NoWithVeto` and `Abstain`
  At the end of the voting period, a proposal is accepted if `(YesVotes/(YesVotes+NoVotes+NoWithVetoVotes))>1/2` and `(NoWithVetoVotes/(YesVotes+NoVotes+NoWithVetoVotes))<1/3`. It is rejected otherwise

> For more information about the governance process and how it works, please check out the Governance module [specification](./../spec/governance).

Reviewer 2: doesn't need the first `./`

> _NOTE_: Proposals that don't meet this requirement will be deleted after `MaxDepositPeriod` is reached.

##### Query deposits

Once a new proposal is created, you can query all the deposits submitted to it:

```bash
gaiacli query deposits \

>   --proposal-id=<proposal_id>

Reviewer: Don't think the line break here is necessary. It's pretty short as is 👍

```

You can also query a deposit submitted by a specific address:

```bash

> gaiacli query deposit \

Reviewer: ditto

  --voter=<account_cosmos>
```

You can also get all the previous votes submitted to the proposal by other accounts with:

```bash

> gaiacli query votes \

Reviewer: ditto

  --proposal-id=<proposal_id>
```

#### Query proposal tally results

To check the current tally results of a given proposal you can use the `tally` command:

```bash

> gaiacli query tally \

Reviewer: ditto
